Correct match_expression Operators (#3996)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/mimir.rules.kubernetes.md

The `operator` argument should be one of the following strings:

* `"In"`
* `"NotIn"`
* `"Exists"`
* `"DoesNotExist"`

> When using the `operator` `"Exists"` or `"DoesNotExist"`, omit `values`.

Reviewer: The sentence here reads a little weirdly to me personally, can we change it to something like:

```
The `values` argument must not be provided when `operator` is set to `"Exists"` or `"DoesNotExist"`.
```

cc @clayton-cornell for thoughts

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's much better. I didn't want to tweak the text before because I wasn't sure if it could be (didn't want to change any technical meaning/intent)

> When using the `operator` `"Exists"` or `"DoesNotExist"`, omit `values`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `values` argument must not be provided when `operator` is set to `"Exists"` or `"DoesNotExist"`.
```
